.nj.ce 3Using the Optical Disk Test ProgramBy Kip Olson, February 4, 1988The optical disk test program can test up to 28 optical disk drives ata time using four D24 boards.  It initiates a series of tests, storesthe test results, and can save the results to disk.  It can be leftrunning and testing drives for a number of weeks if neccessary.  Allerrors that occur will be logged and saved.A complete test cycle takes about 12 minutes.  Each cycle writes 128 sectors on the disk, so the volume will become full after 8000 test cycles.  Currently this will occur after about 1600 hours of continuous test operation.~System Configuration~The program will only run on a Model C processor with 60 K or moreof memory.  A hardware multiply and divide board and a terminal interfaceare also required.  A large subcatalog should be created at the toplevel of the current device to store the test logs.  This subcatalogshould be called "OPTLOG".~Starting up~To start the Optical Disk Test, run the program "OPTEST".  It will askyou the following four questions:.en {\Enter current dateEnter today's date, like "4 Feb 88".\Enter current timeEnter the time of day, like "3:31 PM".\Enter time of next power offEnter the next time power to the drives will beturned off, like "4:00 PM".\Enter number of minutes power will remain onEnter the number of minutes the power will remain on, like "60"..en }Once you have entered these numbers, the Main Test Screen will appear.~Main Test Screen~This screen shows the status of all the optical disk drives being tested.Each D24 board can have up to seven optical disks hooked up to it.  Foreach device on the SCSI bus, the current test, total test time and totalerrors will be displayed next to the SCSI ID number.~Device Test Screen~This screen displays the menu of options available for this device.  Use the cursor keys to highlight a device on the Main Test Screen andpress RETURN to bring up the Device Test Screen.  The optical disk has the following options:.en {\Enter Serial NumberAllows entry of the serial number for this optical disk drive.  The serial number is used as a file name when the test log is saved to disk, so it cannot be longer than 8 characters.\Enter Customer NameAllows entry of the name of the customer the drive will be shipped to.This is so they can receive a printout of the test results along withtheir drive.\Display test log on screenDisplays the test log results on the terminal.\Print test logPrints the test log results on the printer attached to the computer.\Save test log to diskSaves the test log results to a text file in the subcatalog"OPTLOG" using the serial number of the drive as a file name.If you have not entered a serial number for the drive, it will askyou for one.  It will also ask if you want to overwrite an existing logfile, so you will not erase a log file inadvertently.\Clear test logClears the test log results for this drive and starts testing all overagain.\Continue TestingReturns to the Main Test Screen and resumes testing..en }~Test Log~The test log is displayed by choosing option 3 on the Device Test Screen.This can be printed by choosing option 4, or saved to disk using option 5.Option 6 clears all the test statistics and begins testing all over again.The first section of the log shows information about the drive, such ascustomer name, serial number, revision levels and capacity.The second sections displays the results of the tests so far, including thenumber of test iterations, attempts, failures, and retries.  By examining these values, a Test Engineer can determine if the optical disk is functioningproperly.At this time, I would reccommend FAILING an optical disk drive ifany of the following test fields are non-zero:.in +5.en {\FAILURES\DATA MISMATCH.en }.in -5Retries are OK, as long as the number is not excessive (i.e. greater than 100).  Two spaces have been left here for the Test Engineer to initial when a visual check and real-time tests have been performed.The third section of the test log gives a listing of all the errors that have occurred for each test.  The iteration, date and time of theerror are displayed, along with a description of the error. Information describing the error follows, which is useful in determining the cause of the fault.  Information for the first 100 errors is stored; all subsequent errors are counted but the information is not stored.~Test Procedure~An optical disk should be tested using this program for at least 96continuous hours to do a complete burn-in.  Media must be dedicated tothe testing of optical disks - once written by this test, the cartridgeCANNOT be used on a Synclavier.  Synclavier cartridges can be used fortesting, however, so any "trashed" cartridges you have lying aroundshould work fine for testing purposes.  When testing is done, the test log should be saved to disk and printed.After the burn-in with this program, the optical disk drive shouldbe connected to a Synclavier system and tested with the real-timeprogram.  Sound files should be stored and recalled, and the audioquality should be checked.  The test log printout should be initialledand shipped to the customer with the drive.